add DOI and citation info (#1239)
carpentries/carpentries.org: _posts/2021/11/2021-11-22-IT-curriculum-update.md

Some of this can be responded to promptly with minimal disruption to routine instruction. However, broader revisions that involve rearrangement of content across episodes cannot be implemented bit by bit while our curriculum is in use. In addition, substantive changes that influence how our Instructor Trainers teach need to be carefully communicated to avoid last-minute surprises during preparation or instruction. Work on changes like these is concentrated in the periods prior to version release. The last major update for this lesson was in 2018. 

## How Do You Update a Curriculum In Use?

> For this update we used an GitHub account under The Carpentries umbrella, called "data-lessons". Working in a [fork](https://github.com/data-lessons/instructor-training) allowed us to separate comments on the lesson-in-development from those in the existing lesson. Changes were submitted as pull requests to the data-lessons repository, reviewed and merged there; the primary branch of that repository was used in a [pull request to our main repository](https://github.com/carpentries/instructor-training/pull/1215), which was then subjected to broader community review. Meanwhile, the [fully rendered curriculum](https://data-lessons.github.io/instructor-training/) in the data-lessons repository could be field tested with minimal disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this update we used a GitHub account under The Carpentries umbrella, called "data-lessons". Working in a [fork](https://github.com/data-lessons/instructor-training) allowed us to separate comments on the lesson-in-development from those in the existing lesson. Changes were submitted as pull requests to the data-lessons repository, reviewed and merged there; the primary branch of that repository was used in a [pull request to our main repository](https://github.com/carpentries/instructor-training/pull/1215), which was then subjected to broader community review. Meanwhile, the [fully rendered curriculum](https://data-lessons.github.io/instructor-training/) in the data-lessons repository could be field tested with minimal disruption.
```

## Thank you!!
As always, this work would not have been possible without the dedicated participation of our community, especially our community of Instructor Trainers, and most particularly our community Maintainers, Sarah Brown and Tim Dennis, whose counsel and support have been indispensible in maintaining forward progress and bringing this project to a close. We are also grateful to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative for funding that supports the Instructor Training efforts of The Carpentries Core Team, allowing us to take on the more intensive writing and coordinating work that cannot reasonably be performed by volunteers.

> Forty eight people have contributed to this release is: Karen Word; Maneesha Sane; Kelly Barnes; Sarah M Brown; François Michonneau; Christina Koch; Rayna M Harris; Erin Becker; Brian Ballsun-Stanton; Gerard Capes; Toby Hodges; Serah Njambi; Sarah Stevens; Zhian Namir Kamvar; Angela Li; Ariel Deardorff; Pradeep Eranti; SherAaron Hurt; Aleksandra Nenadic; Eric Jankowski; Dr. Kari L. Jordan; Laurent Heirendt; Murray Cadzow; Aaron Tran; Alec L. Robitaille; Alexander James Ball; Bianca Peterson; Christa de Kock; Daniel Chen; Darya P Vanichkina; Pérez-Suárez; Elizabeth McAulay; George Milunovich; GIUSEPPE PROFITI; Hugo Gruson; Jeffrey Oliver; Jonah Duckles; Juvonen, Matti; Konrad U. Förstner; Lex Nederbragt; Liz Stokes; Martin Stoffers; Michael Black; Michael Henry; Neal Davis; Sarah Peter; Sichong; Tong Liang; Ashwin Vishnu Mohanan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forty eight people have made contributions via GitHub that were incorporated since our last release. These are: Karen Word; Maneesha Sane; Kelly Barnes; Sarah M Brown; François Michonneau; Christina Koch; Rayna M Harris; Erin Becker; Brian Ballsun-Stanton; Gerard Capes; Toby Hodges; Serah Njambi; Sarah Stevens; Zhian Namir Kamvar; Angela Li; Ariel Deardorff; Pradeep Eranti; SherAaron Hurt; Aleksandra Nenadic; Eric Jankowski; Dr. Kari L. Jordan; Laurent Heirendt; Murray Cadzow; Aaron Tran; Alec L. Robitaille; Alexander James Ball; Bianca Peterson; Christa de Kock; Daniel Chen; Darya P Vanichkina; Pérez-Suárez; Elizabeth McAulay; George Milunovich; GIUSEPPE PROFITI; Hugo Gruson; Jeffrey Oliver; Jonah Duckles; Juvonen, Matti; Konrad U. Förstner; Lex Nederbragt; Liz Stokes; Martin Stoffers; Michael Black; Michael Henry; Neal Davis; Sarah Peter; Sichong; Tong Liang; Ashwin Vishnu Mohanan. Contributions to this curriculum come in many forms, and we are further grateful to all those whose efforts in testing, discussion, and other feedback have guided its development! 
```
